Is that you?
Yue Wushuang, you are still here
Where are my wife and master?
Don't worry?
We haven't made it clear yet.
Let's talk terms
Now that you've seen me
There are only two options today.
Or you die
Or I die
But if I die
Your master and wife both get it
I want to see my wife and master first
You are not qualified to bargain with me.
Now our plans and videos are being watched by fate
If I were hurt a bit today
Or without you
Your wife and master still can't afford to live
What am I really about?
I can only tell you
Your existence affects the interests of many nobles
Is it the four major families?
Did the four major families cause our family to perish?
Am I the only survivor?
It seems that these things
to death
Can't be late